Update samm-cli.adoc (#607)
eclipse-esmf/esmf-sdk: documentation/developer-guide/modules/tooling-guide/pages/samm-cli.adoc

[[samm-cli]]
= SAMM CLI

> The SAMM CLI is a command line tool for the validation of Aspect Models and the generation of artifacts, such as documentation or code, from Aspect Models. It is available as a native executable for multiple platforms (Windows, Linux) and as an executable jar, see https://github.com/eclipse-esmf/esmf-sdk/releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SAMM CLI is a command line tool for the validation of Aspect Models and the generation of artifacts, such as documentation or code, from Aspect Models. It is available as a native executable for multiple platforms (Windows, Linux and macOS) and as an executable JAR file, you can find the latest release [on GitHub](https://github.com/eclipse-esmf/esmf-sdk/releases/latest).
```
